Use single quote as apostrophe (#3395)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_glossary-of-terms-used-in-project.adoc

[[Generic_image]]
Generic image:: A boot disk for PXE-less provisioning that is not tied to a specific host.

> The generic image sends the host's MAC address to {ProjectServer}, which matches it against the host entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generic image sends the MAC address of your host to {ProjectServer}, which matches it against the host entry.
```

Author: Applied.
